Init APIM traefik module (#1)
MGDIS/traefik-apimanager-plugin: README.md

# Traefik API Manager plugin

Traefik plugin to automatically call API Manager to replace requests headers.

## Description

The aim of this plugin is to update requests authorization header on the fly by calling an API Manager before.

> When the plugin call the API Manager, it will retrieve a new token and update the `Authorization` request header with the new token. The original authorization header will be saved in a new header named `X-Forwarded-Authorization`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the plugin call the API Manager, it will retrieve a new token and update the `Authorization` request header with the new token. The original authorization header will be saved in a new header named `X-Forwarded-Authorization`. We rely on the API Manager to put the `X-Forwarded-Authorization` header back in place after the negotiation. 
```
Ok with me ?

- "traefik.http.middlewares.apimanager.plugin.apimanagerplugin.headerValue=qwdkjasldoq0123qojwdoqiu12903"
```

### OAuth 2.0

Le mode OAuth 2.0 needs auth informations to retrieve tokens via the API Manager.

The following informations are needed :
- apiManagerURL : api manager auth url
- clientID : app public identifier
- clientSecret : app secret
- username : service account
- password : service account password
- scope : scopes you request access (optional and separated by spaces or commas)

```yaml
# oauth2
- "traefik.http.middlewares.apimanager.plugin.apimanagerplugin.apiManagerURL=http://apimanager:8080/auth"
- "traefik.http.middlewares.apimanager.plugin.apimanagerplugin.clientID=clientID"
- "traefik.http.middlewares.apimanager.plugin.apimanagerplugin.clientSecret=clientSecret"
- "traefik.http.middlewares.apimanager.plugin.apimanagerplugin.username=username"
- "traefik.http.middlewares.apimanager.plugin.apimanagerplugin.password=password"
- "traefik.http.middlewares.apimanager.plugin.apimanagerplugin.grantType=password"
- "traefik.http.middlewares.apimanager.plugin.apimanagerplugin.scope=example"
```

### Path restriction

> This plugin can be restricted on a defined list of path of your containers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin can be restricted on a defined list of paths of your container's enpoints. 
```
